hey this is century productions do
another toy review today is all
spider-man stuff spider-man villains and
spider-man himself I'll start out with
spider-man
so here's spider-man I mean I have no
idea which spider-man where he came from
which series he came from I know it's
the original one who's got the fat
spider bug on his back I swapped heads
the head looked really really bad so
much I swapped heads with a different
spider-man to make him look cooler this
one's a little darker had headed
spider-man articulation autumn's great
he's a very skinny spider-man as you can
tell though I kind of get a good look at
him he's really skinny so you guys that
down I mean all his fingers are
individually jointed double jointed at
the arms you can do these up and then I
had a little resistance in this joint
that shoulder joint right here it's kind
of hard to kinda hard to budge I don't
only want to break it though so they're
right there
double joint at the legs it's got some
articulation in the chest
definitely a good figure so uh I don't
know where it's from maybe someone can
tell me in the comments um but great
figure the head is from I think
spider-man classics so a great figure um
check them out right dude Green Goblin
next I have no idea what series this is
from it comes with the is a glider comes
with a display stand you just kind of
hook that into there and you can just
set them down very good figure you know
the engineers that made this figure were
very smart about it
um pumpkin bomb doesn't seem to come out
of his hand can't really let go of it
the articulation in the hand is very
unusual though you can kind of see it's
kind of like it's weird weird some
articulation in the chest the head looks
really good it's green goblin with his
yellow eyes the the thing I really liked
about this figure is double joining at
the knees and everything but look at how
the
there's these little slots that the
foots sits in is you can kind of see and
what they did with the foot is once you
stick it in the slot like this I can get
it in there it doesn't come back out
because the top of the shoe clings it so
it doesn't come out and that's on both
sides so I thought they were very smart
and doing that so Green Goblin I have a
variant this is the variant comes with
his head his mask off this one's in the
package of course I don't want to take
him out it also comes with that very
famous spider-man cover of the Green
Goblin after he killed Gwen Stacy so I
and he comes with him holding the mask
too so Green Goblin variant don't take
him out of box but Green Goblin check
them out how'd the carnage next carnage
it's the same this it's from the newer
spider-man series it's not Marvel
Legends I don't think but really good
articulation I kind of wish they had
done a carnage with his forearms for
arms would have been really cool but
he's got big hands and they're all
individually jointed not all they're not
individually jointed it's two joints
great articulation just articulation
shell around double joining the knees
right here double joining the feet heads
good chests good double join with the
arms bunch of cool stuff so carnage
definitely one of the coolest figures
I've seen so Carens definitely check
them out last one I'm gonna do is I
think the coolest one they've done so
far Doctor Octopus so he comes with
removable glasses I haven't took him off
yet but now cool thing about his tank
tentacles I was gonna say something else
I'm not gonna say that they come with
these little like pipe cleaners inside
the tentacles as which makes you you can
bend them and whatnot that the figures
just the figure no articulation in the
chest
its head moves back and forth double
join with the arms
double drying out the legs just
tentacles are kidding in the way we're
gonna slip I know I'm gonna say the
other thing I'm thinking of he can move
like that the figures alright but it's
the tentacles that really make it so
they're kind of hooked into the back
that he comes with a display stand but I
had trouble with the displaced in the
display stand is not and very
well-put-together displaced in so I as
for the tentacles they open up they
close this is a Barrett this is a great
figure compared to the to the one they
did for the movie all the movie ones
just has a bunch of problems I'm a
Doctor Octopus if you're gonna get one
spider-man actually figure this is
wonder when you're gonna want to get so
Doctor Octopus check them out alright
century productions out you want to see
me do a foyer if you want you put it in
the comments or in rate and please
subscribe and maybe I'll do it
alright I'm good